# 13.6-Inventry-class
  Design an  Inventory  class that can hold information and calculate data for items in a retail store’s inventory. The class should have the following  private  member variables:    Variable Name  Description     itemNumber   An  int  that holds the item’s item number.     quantity   An  int  for holding the quantity of the items on hand.     cost   A  double  for holding the wholesale per-unit cost of the item     totalCost   A  double  for holding the total inventory cost of the item (calculated as  quantity  times  cost ).    The class should have the following  public  member functions:    Member Function  Description   Default Constructor  Sets all the member variables to 0.   Constructor #2  Accepts an item’s number, cost, and quantity as arguments. The function should copy these values to the appropriate member variables and then call the  setTotalCost  function.     setItemNumber   Accepts an integer argument that is copied to the   itemNumber  member variable.     setQuantity   Accepts an integer argument that is copied to the  quantity   member variable.     setCost   Accepts a  double  argument that is copied to the  cost   member variable.     setTotalCost   Calculates the total inventory cost for the item ( quantity   times  cost ) and stores the result in  totalCost .     getItemNumber   Returns the value in  itemNumber .     getQuantity   Returns the value in  quantity .     getCost   Returns the value in  cost .     getTotalCost   Returns the value in  totalCost .    Demonstrate the class in a driver program.     Input Validation: Do not accept negative values for item number, quantity, or cost
